Today's video is a comparison video between
ICICI LM Elevate Plan vs Star L
Superstar Flexi Plan.  We will talk about
what are the differences in these plans?
What are the features of these plans?
What is the eligibility criteria?  And finally
what is premium costing?
[Music]
So quick reminder before we start the video,
if you haven't already, please subscribe to our channel.
So that
you will keep getting such useful videos every
week.  First let's talk about room rent
eligibility.
Single private AC room option is available in ICICI Lombard Elevate plan.
Room modifier rider
available.  If you want to modify the room then
you can add that rider.  And you
can book a higher category room or downgrade the
room.  Secondly, there is
no room rent capping in Star Health Superstar Flexi.
You can opt for any room.  The
minimum entry age for ICIC Lambar Elevate is 18 years.   The
maximum entry age is 125 years.  The
minimum entry age for Star Health Superstar Flexi is
18 years.  There
is no maximum limit.  You can enter this policy at any age.  The
minimum entry age of a dependent child into ICC Laborde is
91 days.  Maximum 30 years.  Star
Hale Super Flexi has a minimum
entry age of 91 days and a maximum dependent child age of 25 years.
Minimum and maximum sum assured.  The minimum sum
assured available in ICICI Loboard is Rs
5 and the maximum is unlimited sum
assured.  Star Health Superstar Flexi
Plan has a minimum sum assured of 7.5 and a maximum of
unlimited sum assured.  Policy Tenure.
So, policy tenures of
one year, two years, three years, four years and
five years are available in both the policies.  This means that
multi-tenure policies are available,
if you pay premium for 2 years, 3 years, 4 years, 5 years,
then you are given some discount.
So these are called multitenure policies.
And in both the plans,
options are available for up to five years.
Bonus.  The bonus is either No Claim Bonus
or Cumulative Bonus or Loyalty Addition.
So the guaranteed cumulative bonus in ICICI load
is 20% every year.  The maximum is 100%.
This is irrespective of the claim.  You did
not claim.  Your sum assured will keep increasing every year up
to a maximum of 100% Star Hell
Superstar Flexi has a no-claim bonus of
50% It will go up to a maximum of 100% every year and will
not reduce if any claim is made in the future
Day care hospitalization So,
day care procedures are those where
24-hour hospitalization is not required due
to advancement of science and
technology like Cater Act, if you go and get
treatment done where
anesthesia is being given and any
procedure is being done then that is called day care
procedure It is covered in both the policies
up to sum assured AYUSH
hospitalization Your AYUSH hospitalization
is also covered in both the policies up to sum
assured AYUSH Ayda Yoga Unani Siddha
and Homeopathy hospitalization
is covered in both the policies up to sum
assured Domiciliary hospitalization
Hospitalization has to be taken at home due to two reasons,
one is that beds are
not available in hospitals and secondly the patient
is so critical that the hospital cannot take him  If it
can be taken, then in both the cases your up to
sum assured is covered.
Refill benefit is available. If your base sum
assured gets exhausted, then
your sum assured is added again
in the policy for any illness. If that too gets exhausted, then it will be
added again. So the refill
benefit is unlimited number of times in
both the policies. In Emergency Road Ambulance
ICC Lumbard Elevate plan, your up
to sum assured is given on actual
and in Star Health Superstar Flexi
also, up to sum assured is given, the actual expenses will be given.
Emergency Air
Ambulance which is a domestic air ambulance is
covered in ICSC Lumbard Elevate.
You can take a rider
and get it covered. In Star Health
Superstar Flexi, up to ₹5 lakh is covered
and it is inbuilt in the policy. Wellness
tests, so complimentary wellness tests are
given to you in both the policies, which are
preventive health checkups.  Are.
These tests are given in the list of ICSC Lumbard which will be on cashless basis.
You can avail up to 1% of your sum assured or maximum up to ₹25,000 in Star Health SuperFlexi.  Then there's the
wellness benefit.  Wellness benefits are basically
those benefits where the
insurance company gives you a
discount of
up to 20% on your ICICI LBA and
up to 20% on Star Health Superstar Flexi if you take care of your health.  In this
you have to download their application.
You will download the application of both the companies
and on that basis your fitness
activity i.e. number of steps will be
tracked and this discount will be
given to you on renewal.  Pre and post
hospitalization expenses.
Expenses before going to the hospital and expenses after going to the hospital.
Expenses before 90 days and after 180 days are
covered in both your plans.  E-
consultation and tele-consultation are available.
Both policies offer unlimited number of
times consultation with empanelled doctors
through the health
application again.  Modern Treats Robotic
Surgeries Whatever modern treatments there are,
robotic surgeries, if you
take hospitalization treatment for them, it
is covered up to the sum assured.  There are
no restrictions.  Non-payable items
which we call consumable items.  Some of the
items that are not covered such
as PPE kits, masks, gloves are
not covered in your policy.  So,
you can add a rider in the ICICI LBA Elevate plan called
Claim Protector to
cover non-payable items.
Non-payable items are covered with Star L Superstar Flexi.
This benefit is inbuilt.
OPD cover.  So for OPD you
can add rider in ICICI lb Elevate.
In-depth consultation is available in Star L Superstar Flexi
as a rider that you
can add.  Unlimited tele-consultation is
already included in the policy.  So as a
rider there is this clinical consultation that you
can add.  The BeFit rider in Where's ICIC LBA is a
very holistic rider.   He
is a very comprehensive rider.
Many of your things are covered there.
Doctor Consultation, Medicine, Diagnostic
Test and so on.  If you want to know more about BeFit,
its detailed video
is also available on our channel.  You
can refer.  Copayment.  So copayment
is basically an optional rider that allows you to
reduce your costs.  So there
is voluntary copayment.  You say that if any claim
comes, you will share 20% of it,
due to which the insurance company reduces your premium.
So voluntary co-payment
is available in both ICICI and Star.  Then come the
deductible options.  Deductible
is a fixed amount that you will pay
if a claim comes.
In return for that also the insurance company
gives you a discount.  If you
want to know the difference between the two, what is the difference between copayment and deduction
?  Detailed video for that
is available on our channel.
We are putting its link below.  You
can refer.  This will give you complete clarity on whether
you should take the copayment, the deductible,
or neither.
Maternity coverage.  So
you can add maternity coverage as a rider in both the policies.
You can add maternity and newborn baby rider in ICIC LBA.  Where there is
a fixed cost which will be given to you.
Which is 10% of sum assured.  The maximum
limit is also specified.  Along with this, the
limit for newborn baby is also specified.
You can also add maternity rider to Star Superstar Flexi
which will be covered after 24 months.  The
maximum limit is ₹1 lakh.  So
in both you have a waiting period of 24 months
for maternity global cover.
Global cover is not available in both the policies.
Your policies are valid only in India.
Now let's talk about waiting
periods.  So the
initial waiting period in both the plans is 30 days.
You cannot get plant hospitalization done for 30 days.
Only accidental emergency is
covered from day one.  Then your specified
exclusions, slow growing illnesses.  There
is a waiting period of 24 months
in both the policies.  Pre-existing diseases: If you
already have any diseases, then the waiting
period for that will be three years.  36
months of in both the policy.  Now let's talk about
what optional riders are available.
These were the inbuilt features that
we talked about.  Some optional riders
are also available which you can avail in this policy.  For
example, the first in the ICC Labrador base plan
is durable medical equipment.
Dependent Accommodation Benefit.  Annual health
checkups are optional.  Claim protector that
will cover non-payable items.  Power Booster
which will keep boosting your sum assured
and there is no maximum limit.
Will boost 100% every year.  There is no maximum
upper limit.  Infinite Care means you
can make any claim without any
restrictions.  Suppose you have a
sum assured of Rs 10 lakh and a claim of Rs 1 crore is made, then
if
you have taken Infinite Care rider, then
you can claim any amount.  Then there is
domestic air ambulance.  This is an optional rider
that we have added called Network Advantage.
This is a tiered network.  Suppose you
want a discount on your policy and
you know that you are going to visit only limited hospitals, then
you can take tiered network
so that you get a discount on the premium.
But
before taking tiered network, please refer to this detailed video to know
what are the benefits of taking tiered network and what is the discount, the link is
below, please check it.  The Nursing at Home
Compassionate Visit Inflation Protector will keep increasing your
sum assured every year in line with inflation.
Consensus Benefit
Critical Illness which is a lump sum payout in case
any critical illness is diagnosed Personal
Accidental Benefit where accidental
death and disability will be covered.  Then there is a
jump start so that you can get your
ABCD conditions like asthma, BP, cholesterol,
diabetes under control on day one.
Room Modifiers allow you to
upgrade or downgrade your room category.  If
you want that I do not want any room rent
limit then you can upgrade to room modifier.  If
you want to downgrade,
your premium reduces.
Take room on twin sharing basis then there is
copayment which is voluntary copayment so
that your premium gets reduced then
B Fit Rider.  So Be Fit Rider
is your OPD rider that you can add.  Now let's
talk about the optional riders of Star Hell Superstar Flexi.  The first is
Limitless Cover.
Limitless Care works in the same way as Infinite Cover, which we discussed at ICC.
You are given a discount on staying fit and healthy.
This is the specific rider of Mamta Which Is Woman.  Ultimate
Service This is the senior citizen's rider.  Then
Inquisitive Consultation Whale Network, Voluntary
Deductible, Long Term Deductible, Voluntary
Copayment, Quick Shield if you
want quick coverage of pre-existing conditions
, Future Shield, Maternity Expenses,
Room Rent Modification.  All these riders
are available which you can avail in this policy
if needed.  Now in the end we will talk about
what is the premium of these policies?
Here I have taken the family size as family
of three.  I have taken a cover of 10 lakhs.  The family
's age is 35, 32 and three.  Husband,
Wife and Child 35, 32 and Three.  These are Zone One
premiums.  The premium for ICIC LBA Elevate
is ₹17,586
including 18% GST. The
premium for Star Health Superstar Flexi
is ₹2465.  So this was my comparison
between IC LBR Deliveit and Star Health
Superstar Flexi Plan.  So if you have any
questions, please ask in the comment section.  If you
want to give feedback, please do so.  If you
want to give some suggestion on what to make the next video on, please
tell me that too.  And before we go, a quick
reminder, if you haven't subscribed to our channel yet, please do so.
So that
you get the right infection at the right time.
See you in the next video.  Till then stay safe.
Take care.  Bye-bye.   Om Om